# T.V. Tracker: Front End

## Live Site Link: https://murmuring-bayou-80614.herokuapp.com/

This repository contains a front-end React application created for General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive course. Just click on the link above to view it.<br /><br/>
The purpose of this application is for users to keep track of their progress on T.V. shows they are watching. With so many streaming services on the market, each pumping out new episodes for multiple series each week, it can be difficult to keep track of where you left off on 5-10 different shows. Sure, these streaming services technically track that for you, but occasionally it won't register you watching an entire episode, or a friend who you shared your account with may cause you to lose your progress. Our application allows you to keep track of as many shows as you want, and each time you update an entry with episode progress, it will automatically fill in the last watched date with the current date. Also, for those who are watching so many shows that it's difficult to pick which one to watch next, we have a page that will tell you, at random, which show to watch next.<br /><br />
The biggest struggle for the React portion of the project was the update form. We wanted the displayed show information and the form to be formatted exactly the same, so that, for example, the name of the show was in the same place and the input box to update the name of the show. It was a lot of CSS work to get formatting correct, and the code for actually updating each show was tricky. Using states was only working half of the time, so the React app just uses information directly from the submitted form to update each show. Other than that, the project went very smoothly for us, and we worked together well.<br /><br />
We also did some work adjusting the elements on the website to be responsive. It still doesn't look perfect on mobile, but the website is reponsive and re-formats itself as you scale is up and down on desktop.
